Docs: minor enhancements. (#2213)
skypilot-org/skypilot: docs/source/getting-started/tutorial.rst

      --output_dir /tmp/imdb/ --overwrite_output_dir \
      --fp16

.. tip::

  In the YAML, the ``workdir`` and ``file_mounts`` fields are commented out. To

>   learn about how to use them to mount local dirs/files or object store buckets
>   (S3, GCS, R2) into your cluster, see :ref:`sync-code-artifacts`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  learn about how to use them to sync local dirs/files or mount your cluster
  with object store buckets(S3, GCS, R2), see :ref:`sync-code-artifacts`.
```
nit: tried to make a clear distinction between mounting and just syncing.

Author: I think this should be fine -- the vanilla `file_mounts` uses the word "mount" anyway. Would be good to keep concepts simple here since the purpose it to add a pointer.

After training, :ref:`transfer artifacts <sync-code-artifacts>` such
as logs and checkpoints using familiar tools.

.. tip::

>   Feel free to copy-paste the YAML above and start plugging in
>   your own project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Feel free to copy-paste the YAML above and start plugging it into
  your own project.
```
nit

Author: I meant to say the project commands should be plugged into this YAML, not the other way. Reworded to "customize it" to avoid confusion.
